Billing precision (#577)
Axway/amplify-central: content/en/docs/manage_marketplace/customize_marketplace/marketplace_billing/_index.md

When billing integration is enabled for a specific Marketplace, each subscription originating from a consumer organization of this Marketplace will produce invoices:

* One after the subscription approval time to start the trusted period with the customer and pay the base price plan cost

> * One at the end of each plan metering period to pay for the base plan price + the metering period consumption. This is automatically triggered at 2am UTC the next day of the last one of the month to accomodate the Traceability Agent to report any usage happening around midnight

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* One at the end of each plan metering period to pay for the base plan price + the metering period consumption. This is automatically triggered at 2 am following the last day of the month to accommodate any end-of-day Traceability Agent usage reporting.
```
